Do Life Insurance Exams Test For Valium ?	It is best to disclose this to the paramedical examiner if you are concerned . It may or may not show up on a lab . If it shows up , more forms and possibly a closer look because a drug showed up in your labs and you did n't mention it . It is far better to disclose something small like this to keep it small . Honestly , not a big deal as you 've explained it . Just explain it the same way to the medical examiner and should n't be a problem .

Do Life Insurance Exams Test For Valium ?	I hope you made it through your paramed exam successfully . Under your explained circumstances , I believe it would have been a very remote chance of detecting one valium after a few days to calm your fear of flying . You should have metabolized it by then The use was no more than having an alcoholic beverage or two to calm your nerves . From your explanation , there does not seem to be an addition problem , which is what most underwriters are looking for . I am sure under these circumstances , all went well .

Do Life Insurance Exams Test For Valium ?	That is a great question ! Your testing may or may not be affected . It depends upon several things . The valium dosege of the pill you took , your metabolism , and the length of time between ingestion and it passing through your system may make it possible that little or no traces are found . You have said that you have no prescription for it , so if it pops up , there may be an issue , so I 'd strongly suggest that you tell the paramed what transpired , so there is no hint of dishonesty . Most of what they will test you for will have to do with your kidney , liver and heart functions , whether you smoke , and if there are narcotics in your system . Depending upon the company , and the amount of insurance you are applying for , they might be very strict , or they may not be . If you are applying for a very large amount of insurance , expect them to be . Again , just be honest with the paramed when they come to take your sample . They will make a note that will explain the trace amount should it flag . I hope that helps you , thanks for asking !

What Is Supplemental Short Term Disability Insurance ?	In the context that I believe you are using the term `` supplemental '' that would be a short term disability policy offered as a voluntary -LRB- employee paid -RRB- benefit at your place of employment . there are a variety of insurance carriers who offer such products with AFLAC , Colonial Life and Allstate being just a few examples . These products are generally offered at the workplace and are paid for via payroll deduction with your employer remitting the monthly premium to the insurance carrier . Unlike many supplemental/worksite/voluntary employee benefits such as critical illness plans , cancer and accident policies , I would not recommend that you have a disability insurance policy 's premium taken out of your paycheck on a pre-tax basis as this could have tax implications in the event you ended up receiving benefits from the policy .

What Is Supplemental Short Term Disability Insurance ?	In addition to the definition provided by Mr. McKelvy supplemental short term disability can be used as a secondary policy for other disability plans . Supplemental is defined as : `` added to furnish what is lacking or missing '' . For example , people working in states with mandated coverage may want to increase the level of monthly benefit , or extend the length of payment duration . Or if employers offer a long term disability policy it may come with a lengthy elimination period . Many workers may go bankrupt before benefit payments begin on a policy with a 180 day waiting period .

What Is 25/50/10 Automobile Insurance Coverage ?	25/50/10 is a recipe for disaster . You must be very careful to only collide with fit people driving cheap cars . Since you rarely have the opportunity to decide who the other party will be in a collision , I would suggest you secure realistic limits . The last number should be an indicator as few cars are priced below that number .

What Is 25/50/10 Automobile Insurance Coverage ?	That refers to a combination of liability options provided in a car insurance policy . in order , `` 25 '' means that you would have up to $ 25,000 in Bodily Injury coverage for an indivual hurt in an accident that you cause . `` 50 '' means that you would have up to $ 50,000 for all persons injured in an accident that you cause . If say 2 people were injured they would be entitled to up to $ 25,000 each . Finally , `` 10 '' is for property damage liability and means that you would have up to $ 10,000 to cover property that you damage as a result of an at fault accident .

Will Auto Insurance Cover Transmission Repair Costs ?	If your transmission is damaged due to an accident then a deductible would apply and it would be covered Now if there is is damage from wear and tear that would be different but you may have that covered under warranty . I recommend you call a local agent and discuss the type of coverage you have

Will Auto Insurance Cover Transmission Repair Costs ?	Auto insurance will not cover transmission repair costs or any other repair issues that are due to wear and tear or depreciation . Your auto insurance policy will cover you for damages sustained in an accident that you are involved with or injuries to passengers or other persons that you hit -LRB- hopefully , accidentally ! -RRB- .

What 's The Cheapest Renters Insurance ?	There is no such thing as the cheapest renters insurance . Each insurance company has varying premiums based on certain criteria . So what company might have a lower premium for me may not have a lower one for you . I suggest you contact a local independent agent who can shop various companies and find you the right policy to fit your needs .

When Do You Need Home Insurance ?	At a minimum , you might need to satisfy your mortgagee . Your mortgagee is most concerned about property because that is the basis for the loan . Next you should consider your own exposure for a law suit . Finally you should consider how it would cost you to replace your home and personal property if it is destroyed . If you have a $ 200,000 home and $ 100,000 of personal property , I would suggest that you consider those amounts as the homeowners policy limits and $ 300-500 ,000 as the liability limit . Lower limits can leave gaps which will make you very unhappy at the time of claim .

Is Disability Insurance Income Taxable ?	If you have a legitimate business , that expenses operation costs , you may qualify for a deduction for disability insurance premiums . And tax deductible disability insurance allows for the purchase a greater benefit than nondeductible disability premium . However , tax deductible disability insurance benefits are taxable at ordinary income tax rates .

At What Age Is Car Insurance Cheapest ?	OK this is a blanket answer as this can very by company but between 30-55 on average your looking at your best rates depending on driving record of course . Once you start getting older the rates actually start to climb again since by experience reaction time starts to slow and you see a rise in incidents .

At What Age Is Car Insurance Cheapest ?	Your rates start dropping after the age of 25 depending on your driving history and coverage 's . But the average what I call the sweet spot age for the best rates for insurance in Montana is 40 to 50 also that depend on many factors such as credit and driving history and also the area you live in .

Does Life Insurance Pay For Accidental Death ?	Life insurance generally pays out death proceeds to the policy beneficiary at the death of the policy insured , no matter what the cause of death is.The exception is suicide during the first two years of the contract known as the contestability period and fraud resulting from misstatements or omissions .

Does Life Insurance Pay For Accidental Death ?	Yes , Life Insurance pays for accidental death or death due to natural causes . Death due to natural causes is death due to and illness or internal malfunction of the body not caused by external forces . Death due to unnatural causes is called accidental death . Life insurance covers all types of death except suicide in the first two years .

Where Do I Go To Get Life Insurance ?	As you are reading the answers to this question , you are being introduced to several different agents who could handle your application in a responsible manner . You can go to our profiles to read about our agencies and our expertise , or you can read our answers to other questions to get a feel for how we approach our clients . There is not much we can hide as we are in the public eye here . You can go to any agent you trust , but if you do n't know any , this website is a good place to start .

Where Do I Go To Get Life Insurance ?	Great question ! These days , you do n't have to go any farther than your mailbox or your TV to get offers for life insurance . Google it , and you will get pages of responses . I think the best place to find the right life insurance policy for you is through a live , independent agent , and here 's why . Some things are great to buy through the internet , because you know exactly what you are buying . You book a hotel room , it 's a hotel room . Insurance is n't that easy . First of all , it is the financial security of your family , andyou want that to be handled by someoneyou can see , and talk to . Secondly , there are an awful lot of choices when it comes down to your coverage , andyou want someone who could explain them to you , and help you find the right one foryour needs . Lastly , an independent agent is n't tied to one particular company , and can shop around for you from several companies . Find one that feels right , and have them walk you through the process . If you would like help , please do n't hesitate to contact me , I 'd be happy to help . Thanks for asking !

Where Do I Go To Get Life Insurance ?	Life insurance advertising is predominant on all media TV , radio , snail mail , email and billboards . Most simple go to the internet search engines such as Google , Yahoo or Bing . I would personally ask your family , friends and coworkers if they know a trusted independent life insurance broker . A broker can shop the market for your best product at the best price to meet your unique situation . By dealing with a referred broker the trust is established up front and you will feel more comfortable going through the process .

Where Do I Go To Get Life Insurance ?	Life insurance is a very personal purchase . You are selecting someone to care for those you love if you are not there to do so yourself . The internet is a rather impersonal option . I recommend selecting a trusted life insurance agent . If you dont know one , get referrals from colleagues , friends and neighbors . This agent should patiently listen to you and offer sound financial advice . The solution proposed should be adequate to take care of your needs at a cost you can afford . When life insurance pays a death claim it is almost always a real bargain . Setting the limit of coverage is the most important thing .

Where Do I Go To Get Life Insurance ?	You should talk with an independent life insurance agent so they can review options from multiple carriers with you , help identify the risk class you 're looking at with various carriers -LRB- a critical part when looking for coverage -RRB- , and identify the policy structure that will best serve your needs and your budget . It 's also highly , highly recommended that you do NOT apply to a bunch of carriers at the same time just to see what sticks - this can be a red flag to many carriers and they 'll want to know what your plans are with each policy , total amount of coverage you plan on keeping , as well as the underwriting results from them . There is no one policy that is the best for everyone as we each have our own needs and purposes for buying life insurance . Some may buy life insurance because they just got married , some because they have a new child , some for estate planning , and some for income replacement , just to name a few reasons why people buy it . In evaluating which is best for you , there 's a number of factors to consider such as what type of coverage do you want/need , the reason you want to buy it , how much coverage and for how long -LRB- e.g. term vs. permanent -RRB- , premium affordability , health status , where you live , and others . One of the first things you need to do is identify the risk classification you qualify for . The risk classification is critical because this determines what the premiums will be for the policy you 're applying for . This is where insurance brokers are essential in your pursuit of coverage . They have the knowledge to guide you through the process and help you find the policy that 's going to be most suitable for you .

What Does A Medicare Wellness Exam Include ?	The Medicare Wellness Exam occurs after the first 12 months that you have enrolled in Medicare Part B . A Medicare wellness exam includes filling out a risk questionnaire , a review or your medical and family history , developing or updating a list of current providers and prescriptions , height , weight , blood pressure reading , routine measurements , detection of cognitive impairment , personalized health advice , a list of risk factors and treatment options , and setting up a screening schedule .

What Does A Medicare Wellness Exam Include ?	A Medicare wellness exam can take place every 12 months . It includes filling out a health care questionnaire ; a review of your medical and family history ; developing or updating your list of health care providers ; height , weight , blood pressure , etc ; detection of cognitive problems ; personalized health advice ; and preventative screening and services according to a set schedule .

How Long Does Disability Insurance Pay ?	Disability Insurance pays for as long as your plan dictates , while you are disabled . You pick a benefit length when you purchase your policy . You can buy plans that pay for a number of years , or that pay a lifetime -LRB- to age 65 -RRB- . If you buy a three year plan and are disabled longer than three years , the plan will stop paying three years after the disability occurred plus the days in the elimination period .

How Long Does Disability Insurance Pay ?	Along with what Steve and Peggy mentioned , some carriers will offer 2 , 5 or 10 year benefit periods , too . The smaller the benefit period , the cheaper the policy . Often times , carriers will write the policy with a smaller benefit period if the client has a medical condition , a risky profession , etc. .

How Long Does Disability Insurance Pay ?	Disability insurance is sold for short term and long term coverage . Most short term coverage policies are 60 month contracts . Long term disability polices generally go to age 65 . There are specialty disability companies that actually extend coverage longer than age 65 . Keep in mind that most Americans also have Social Security Disability Insurance benefits as well .

How Does Adjustable Life Insurance Work ?	I believe what you 're referring to is flexible premium adjustable life insurance -LRB- commonly referred to as Universal life insurance -RRB- - this is a type of permanent life insurance . Under these types of programs , the policyowner has the ability to change the amount they 're paying each month , manipulate the length of coverage under the policy , alter the policy face amount , all the while being able to build cash value . One of the most popular universal life policies is Guaranteed Universal Life -LRB- GUL -RRB- . In a GUL policy , you 're not placing the emphasis of the coverage on the cash value the policy builds , but rather the death benefit by maximizing the value of your premium -LRB- paying the lowest possible cost for a given amount of coverage -RRB- . A good way of thinking of it is like taking the term guarantee period and bringing it out for life - so it 's got the essence of both term and whole life coverage in it . Under a GUL program , the policy can be structured to keep premiums level and provide coverage up to a specified age -LRB- e.g. to age 90 , to age 100 , or even up to age 121 -RRB- under the `` dial down '' process . I always recommend consulting with an experienced broker to help you determine what policy benefit structure will best serve your needs . We can shop the case if you 've got a complex medical history -LRB- identifying the risk class you qualify for a very important step when buying life insurance because it determines what you pay for the coverage -RRB- , review quotes , and help you through the application and underwriting processes . Please let me know if you have any other questions . Thanks very much .

Does Medicare Pay For Cialis ?	No , Medicare does not pay for Cialis or other erectile dysfunction drugs . Medicare Part B will not cover Cialis , nor will Medicare prescription plans -LRB- Medicare Part D -RRB- . Sometimes drug discount cards offered through other entities will pay a discount for the purchase of erectile dysfunction drugs such as Cialis , Levitra , or Viagra .

Does Life Insurance Have To Go Through Probate ?	Life insurance that is left to a person as beneficiary does not have to go through probate . A check is sent to the beneficiary shortly after the death claim and certified death certificate are sent to the life insurance insurance company . On the other hand , if the estate is set up as the beneficiary , or if the beneficiaries stated on the policy are not alive at the time of the death of the insured person , the proceeds would go to the estate and then , through probate .

Does Life Insurance Have To Go Through Probate ?	Typically , when the beneficiaries of your life insurance policy are listed in the proper manner , the proceeds from life insurance pass to the listed beneficiaries directly . This means the process of the paying of any life insurance benefits happens outside the probate process . I hope this helps . If you have anything more specific you 'd like to ask . Please do .

Does Life Insurance Have To Go Through Probate ?	In Canada , typically if the beneficiaries of the policy are individuals then the proceeds of the policy do not need to go through probate . If the beneficiary is the estate then the proceeds will have to be probated and subject to claims of creditors . If you have further questions , or feel that I could be of assistance , please do not hesitate to contact me . If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker , you could start with a Google search . For example , if you search for : life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax , my name , along with several others , will come up . You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community .

Does Life Insurance Have To Go Through Probate ?	One of the big advantages of life insurance is that it does not have to go through probate . My father died about a year ago , and he had several small life insurance policies . My mom was truly surprised that she had quick access to those funds to pay for Dad 's funeral , without having to wait for probate -LRB- which still has not been completed , as far as I know -RRB- . And surprised again when she just found out for sure that she did not have to pay any taxes on them . No matter how much you trust your agent , it is collecting on life insurance that can make believers of anyone .

Does Life Insurance Have To Go Through Probate ?	If there is no beneficiary cited on a life insurance policy -LRB- or the beneficiary is the estate -RRB- , the proceeds are paid to the estate . From there , they will go through the probate process if there is no instruction for how the proceeds are to be distributed - when this happens , the courts would decide how the estate is to be distributed . If a beneficiary is designated , then the proceeds would be paid to that person -LRB- s -RRB- / entity rather than going through the probate process .

Does Life Insurance Have To Go Through Probate ?	Life inusrance policies have designated beneficaries , so itdoes n't go through probate . Unassigtned assets generally go through probate . Qualified retirment plans also have assigned beneciaires , so those assets also by pass probate . It 's important to consult with an estate or probate attorney before retitling ownership or the reassignment of any beneficaries .

Where Should I Keep My Car Insurance Card ?	If you are in a mandatory insurance state , a currently datedinsurance ID should be kept in the car . If a driver of the car is stopped by law enforcement and can not provide proof the vehicle is insured , there will likely be a fine assessed the driver . If you do n't have current ID , most insurance companies provide internet access to obtain one or your insurance professional can send you one .

How Much Does Term Life Insurance Cost Per Month ?	There 's many factors that go into the costs for term life insurance to say what an average plan costs - it will be different for every person due to a number of factors including their age , amount of coverage they want , how long they want the coverage for , their risk classifcation , and whether they 're applying with full underwriting or non-medical term coverage . The risk classification is the MOST critical factor in determining the cost -LRB- premium -RRB- of a life insurance policy . The risk class depends on a number of factors including whether you 're male or female , your medical history , height/weight profile , any tobacco usage , and other factors . Please keep in mind - every carrier has their own set of underwriting guidelines and mortality tables , and each may offer a different risk class for a given medical profile - e.g. company A may offer preferred -LRB- featuring lower rates -RRB- and company B may only offer standard -LRB- featuring higher rates -RRB- . Non-medical term life insurance policies will almost always cost much more than fully underwritten policies that require an exam because an insurance company is taking on more risk without having a full medical picture of you . Consult with an experienced life insurance broker to determine what coverage is appropriate/suitable for your needs and budget . Please feel free to contact me for help or if you have any other questions . Thanks very much .

How Much Does Term Life Insurance Cost Per Month ?	Term Life Insurance is generally much less expensive than other forms of life insurance . However , in order to run quotes from all the major carriers , I would need your age , smoking status and the state you live in . To get even a more accurate idea of what the premium would be after underwriting we would want to discuss your health history . Working with an independent agent will save you a lot of time and help you figure out which insurance carrier might be the best fit for your health history .

How Much Does Term Life Insurance Cost Per Month ?	The cost of Term Life Insurance varies greatly , from a few dollars per month , to thousands of dollars per month . Some of the variable that affect the price are : 1 -RRB- Age 2 -RRB- Gender 3 -RRB- Tobacco use 4 -RRB- Build 5 -RRB- Health 6 -RRB- Other risk factors 7 -RRB- Face amount of policy 8 -RRB- Term length -LRB- generally speaking , the longer you lock in the premium , the higher the premium will be -RRB- 9 -RRB- Whether you use a policy that requires an exam , or do not require an exam . For people with excellent health , taking an exam can usually bring down the price . 10 -RRB- The company you use . Some companies are better for certain ages , term lengths , risk factors , etc , than other . That is why shopping with a broker who carries many choices can help you get the lowest price on your term life insurance .

How Much Does Term Life Insurance Cost Per Month ?	It is impossible to give you a specific answer to your question without knowing more information . Here are a couple of examples : For a male non-smoker age age 25 , $ 500,000 would be $ 25.65 a month for a 10 Year renewable term and with the same company a 45 year old male non-smoker would pay $ 47.25 a month . Thee are online quoting services you can use to give you a point of reference . An independent broker who deal with several companies can help you find the right policy at the right price . If you have further questions , or feel that I could be of assistance , please do not hesitate to contact me . If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker , you could start with a Google search . For example , if you search for : life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax , my name , along with several others , will come up . You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community .

What Kind Of Health Insurance Does The Military Have ?	Active military and National Guard are covered by TRICARE , a health care program for service members and their families around the world . TRICARE is the major part of the Military Health System , a system that utilizes combined resources of military hospitals and clinics with civilian health care networks , as well as a combination of different coverage options depending on where the person is currently stationed . TRICARE coverage does meet the requirements for having minimum essential benefits as called for under the Affordable Care Act .

